Add sponsored transaction tutorial (#786)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/mainnet/smart-contracts/tutorials/sponsoredTransactions/index.rst

.. include:: ../../../variables.rst
.. _sponsoredTransactions:

.. image:: sponsoredTransactions.png
   :width: 40%
   :align: center
   :alt: An eSealing dApp

=============================
A Sponsored Transactions dApp
=============================

In this tutorial, you are going to get familiar with sponsored transactions,

> how to send a transaction from a back-end server to the blockchain, and how to connect your Concordium mobile wallet via walletConnect to the front-end.

Reviewer: Replace "Concordium mobile wallet" with |mw-gen2| since it is only the newer mobile wallets that support WalletConnect.

What are sponsored transactions?
================================

Sponsored transactions are a useful tool for third-party service providers to onboard conventional clients/users that
don't want to acquire crypto (such as CCD) from an exchange.
The third-party can have a traditional fiat channel open (off-chain) with the conventional clients/users to charge for its service of
offering to submit transactions on behalf of the user on-chain. The user/client
has to sign its intended transaction in the |bw| (or |mw-gen2| that uses WalletConnect) before
communicating the signature to the third-party back-end (often paying some fees in fiat money). The third-party
service provider has its own wallet funded with some CCD at the back-end to submit the user's transaction on-chain.
The third-party pays the transaction fee to execute the transaction on-chain.

Concordium smart contracts currently have no way to query the corresponding
public key(s) of an account within the smart contract code.

> For the time being we suggest using a `public_key_registry`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the time being, Concordium suggests using a `public_key_registry`
```

> that allows only the owner of the contract instance (or the account itself) to register a public key for a given account. You can explore

Reviewer 2: Perhaps replace "owner" to "special role" or some such.

.. include:: ../../../variables.rst
.. _sponsoredTransactions:

.. image:: sponsoredTransactions.png
   :width: 40%
   :align: center
   :alt: An eSealing dApp

=============================
A Sponsored Transactions dApp
=============================

In this tutorial, you are going to get familiar with how to implement a sponsored transaction mechanism in a smart contract, how to sign messages in a wallet and verify the signature in the smart contract,
how to send a transaction from a backend server to the blockchain, and how to connect your |mw-gen2| via walletConnect to the frontend.

The dApp consists of three components that you will explore as part of this tutorial:

> - A `smart contrat` that verifies signatures.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A `smart contract` that verifies signatures.
```

- A `frontend` that requests the user to sign messages.

> - A `backend` that sends transactions to the blockchain.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps clarify here that this is the "sponsoring" part. This backend is the sponsor.
